Front End Development:
	HTML and CSS:
		These are markup languages.
		That means They use templating (Way to write code and attach it to other files) to write code.
		These languages have tags to define elements.

		HTML is used as a standard language for any website design.
		It’s a well-standardized system.
		For every website to be designed, HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) is a must.
		This is the skeleton of a website.
 		Without it, no website can run.

		CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is a style sheet language
		It adds beauty to that website.
		It is used to handle the presentation of the web page.
		It makes the website look attractive and beautiful.

		Bootstrap:
			Bootstrap is a free CSS framework for front-end web development.
			It contains CSS and JavaScript-based design templates for web components
			Simply bootstrap is used to make website more attractive and cool.

	Javascript:
		JavaScript is a client scripting language which is used for creating web pages.
		It is a brain of website.
		It is a standalone language developed in Netscape.
		It is used when a webpage is to be made dynamic and add special effects on pages
		like rollover, roll out and many types of graphics.
		It adds the brain to allow the functioning of that website.
		It allows scripting on your website and makes it completely dynamic in nature.
		
		Javascript has many frameworks like Angular,Vue,React,Nodejs etc.
		by these frameworks JS has much power we can use JS in 
		both frontend and backend

		JQuery:
			This is a library of JavaScript which simplifies javascript functions.
			This makes the javascript functions easier and compact.
	
    Html is body,Css is beauty and makes modern looking
    Javascript and Css are included in html.
    Therefore, CSS and JavaScript add beauty and brain to a particular website respectively.

Back End Development:
	1. PHP (It is widely used and suitable to backend)
	2. Django (Django is a web framework (Web framework is a Module/Package that make rules for code.
		library is a Module/Package which we can make our rules) in python which
		is open source (free) and can be used as a backend system with html,css,javascript and other.)
	3. Nodejs (It is a Runtime environment of JS)
	
	and many more

VPS:
	What is VPS?
		VPS means Virtual private server.
		Before the vps, there will be only one server with many websites hosted.
		If one website needs more resources.
		Then other websites may fall in problem. These is known has shared hosting.

		In vps there will be a real server.
		The server would be divided into many servers
		by isolating the parts of server.
		By this if one websites goes down
		then there would be no difference to other websites.

API: Application programming interface
    This is to communicate with other software like a waiter in hotel
    This returns data in form of functions

	Types of API:
		REST API (A Type of API): This is a sever which sends the object's state as data in XML/JSON format

Socket Programming:
	Public IP Address: This is the Address given to our modem to communicate to internet.

	Private IP Address: This is the Address to individual device to communicate with the router.
 
	What is Socket?
		A socket is one endpoint of a two-way communication link
		between two programs running on the network.
		A socket is bound to a port number so that
		each other can identify themselves and transfer data.
		An endpoint is a combination of an IP address and a port number.

	How achieve them in python?
		To make sockets using python we need socket module built into python.

Web scraping:
	What is Web scraping?
		Web scraping is about extracting data from a webpage.
		This can be by humans but it's difficult and time-taking.
		Usually it's done by soft ware’s or browser extensions 
		These are known as web scrapers.
		We can build our own web scrapers by coding.
		Web scraping is useful because of valuable information.
		It should be done with legal rights.
		It is a grey area.
		It can be used in python can be done by requests and beautiful soup packages.

	How it happens?
		First the html of webpage is loaded by web scraper.
		Then it should locate the data.
		After that can be extracted in many formats.
	
Note: To make good websites as a beginner we need to refer the google.
     1. Search web designs and templates.
     2. Use the developer tools of chrome.
